docs/ci: improvements (#38)
bank-vaults/vault-secrets-reloader: README.md

    --namespace bank-vaults-infra
```

> Reloader needs to access the Vault instance on its own, so make sure you set the correct environment variables through
> the chart, also use a time interval (in Go Duration format) that works best for your use case for collecting data from
> the workloads and for the actual reloading, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reloader needs to access the Vault instance on its own, so make sure you set the correct environment variables through
the chart. Configure the workload data collection and reloading periods (using Go Duration format) that work best for your requirements and use-cases. For example:
```

```shell
helm upgrade --install vault-secrets-reloader oci://ghcr.io/bank-vaults/vault-secrets-reloader \
    --set collectorSyncPeriod=2h \
    --set reloaderRunPeriod=4h \
    --set env.VAULT_ADDR=[URL for Vault]
    --set env.VAULT_PATH=[Auth path]
    --set env.VAULT_ROLE=[Auth role]
    --set env.VAULT_AUTH_METHOD=[Auth method]
    # other environmental variables needed for the auth method of your choice
    --namespace bank-vaults-infra --create-namespace
```

> Vault also needs to be configured with an auth method for the Reloader to use, additionally it is advised to create a
> role and policy that allows the Reloader to `read` and `list` secrets from Vault. An example for that can be found in
> this repository in the [example Bank-Vaults Operator CR
> file](https://github.com/bank-vaults/vault-secrets-reloader/blob/main/e2e/deploy/vault/vault.yaml#L102).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vault also needs to be configured with an auth method for the Reloader to use. Additionally, it is advised to create a
role and policy that allows the Reloader to `read` and `list` secrets from Vault. An example can be found in the chart's [values.yaml](https://github.com/bank-vaults/vault-secrets-reloader/blob/main/e2e/deploy/vault/vault.yaml#L102) file.
```
